hi everyone this is Logan with unlock
that phone calm and today i'll be
showing us how to unlock a samsung
solstice to the first step to locking
your cell phone is to go into a dial pad
and you're going to type in starbound 06
pound and again thats tarpaulin 06 pound
when you do so your phone's 15 digit
IMEI number oh come on you want to hold
on to that or write that down and go to
your browser and type in unlock that
phone com when you get there you'll see
our check box right there it'll say
began unlocking here and what you're
going to want to do is type in the
carrier of your cell phone the
manufacturer which is Samsung and then
the model which is the Solstice too and
then right underneath that you're going
to type in the imei number which you
just got out of your cell phone click on
unlock now check out and then we will
email you the unlock code unlocking
instructions and our contact information
if you have any questions right when you
get that go back to your cell phone and
how to actually enter the unlock code
into your phone is you're going to want
to answer any non accepted sim card so
in this case this is an 18-piece cell
phone you're going to enter in any non
AT&T cell phone simcard so what I have
here is a tmobile sim card i'm going to
put into the cell phone i'm going to
boot up the phone and then it'll ask me
for the unlock code do that right now
for you guys
and to spare with me it just takes a
second to power back up the phone
all right I'll say invalid sim card
network lock just click on unlock click
yes you want to unlock the phone and
then just go ahead and type in the
unlock code that we send you to your
email click on confirm
they don't lock your phone and you're
good to go so now your phone is unlocked
for all gsm networks all right that's it
guys you have any questions let us know
and we'll look forward your business
thank you very much